student1 takesCourse cs1
prof1_2 memberOf cs1
student1 advisor prof1_1
prof1_1 workFor univ1
prof1_2 workFor univ1
student1 type Student
prof1_1 type Professor
prof1_2 type Professor
cs1 type Course
univ1 type Univercity
student2 takesCourse cs2
prof2_2 memberOf cs2
student2 advisor prof2_1
prof2_1 workFor univ2
prof2_2 workFor univ2
student2 type Student
prof2_1 type Professor
prof2_2 type Professor
cs2 type Course
univ2 type Univercity
student3 takesCourse cs3
prof3_2 memberOf cs3
student3 advisor prof3_1
prof3_1 workFor univ3
prof3_2 workFor univ3
student3 type Student
prof3_1 type Professor
prof3_2 type Professor
cs3 type Course
univ3 type Univercity
student4 takesCourse cs4
prof4_2 memberOf cs4
student4 advisor prof4_1
prof4_1 workFor univ4
prof4_2 workFor univ4
student4 type Student
prof4_1 type Professor
prof4_2 type Professor
cs4 type Course
univ4 type Univercity
student5 takesCourse cs5
prof5_2 memberOf cs5
student5 advisor prof5_1
prof5_1 workFor univ5
prof5_2 workFor univ5
student5 type Student
prof5_1 type Professor
prof5_2 type Professor
cs5 type Course
univ5 type Univercity
student6 takesCourse cs6
prof6_2 memberOf cs6
student6 advisor prof6_1
prof6_1 workFor univ6
prof6_2 workFor univ6
student6 type Student
prof6_1 type Professor
prof6_2 type Professor
cs6 type Course
univ6 type Univercity
student7 takesCourse cs7
prof7_2 memberOf cs7
student7 advisor prof7_1
prof7_1 workFor univ7
prof7_2 workFor univ7
student7 type Student
prof7_1 type Professor
prof7_2 type Professor
cs7 type Course
univ7 type Univercity
student8 takesCourse cs8
prof8_2 memberOf cs8
student8 advisor prof8_1
prof8_1 workFor univ8
prof8_2 workFor univ8
student8 type Student
prof8_1 type Professor
prof8_2 type Professor
cs8 type Course
univ8 type Univercity
student9 takesCourse cs9
prof9_2 memberOf cs9
student9 advisor prof9_1
prof9_1 workFor univ9
prof9_2 workFor univ9
student9 type Student
prof9_1 type Professor
prof9_2 type Professor
cs9 type Course
univ9 type Univercity
student10 takesCourse cs10
prof10_2 memberOf cs10
student10 advisor prof10_1
prof10_1 workFor univ10
prof10_2 workFor univ10
student10 type Student
prof10_1 type Professor
prof10_2 type Professor
cs10 type Course
univ10 type Univercity
student11 takesCourse cs11
prof11_2 memberOf cs11
student11 advisor prof11_1
prof11_1 workFor univ11
prof11_2 workFor univ11
student11 type Student
prof11_1 type Professor
prof11_2 type Professor
cs11 type Course
univ11 type Univercity
student12 takesCourse cs12
prof12_2 memberOf cs12
student12 advisor prof12_1
prof12_1 workFor univ12
prof12_2 workFor univ12
student12 type Student
prof12_1 type Professor
prof12_2 type Professor
cs12 type Course
univ12 type Univercity
student13 takesCourse cs13
prof13_2 memberOf cs13
student13 advisor prof13_1
prof13_1 workFor univ13
prof13_2 workFor univ13
student13 type Student
prof13_1 type Professor
prof13_2 type Professor
cs13 type Course
univ13 type Univercity
student14 takesCourse cs14
prof14_2 memberOf cs14
student14 advisor prof14_1
prof14_1 workFor univ14
prof14_2 workFor univ14
student14 type Student
prof14_1 type Professor
prof14_2 type Professor
cs14 type Course
univ14 type Univercity
student15 takesCourse cs15
prof15_2 memberOf cs15
student15 advisor prof15_1
prof15_1 workFor univ15
prof15_2 workFor univ15
student15 type Student
prof15_1 type Professor
prof15_2 type Professor
cs15 type Course
univ15 type Univercity
student16 takesCourse cs16
prof16_2 memberOf cs16
student16 advisor prof16_1
prof16_1 workFor univ16
prof16_2 workFor univ16
student16 type Student
prof16_1 type Professor
prof16_2 type Professor
cs16 type Course
univ16 type Univercity
student17 takesCourse cs17
prof17_2 memberOf cs17
student17 advisor prof17_1
prof17_1 workFor univ17
prof17_2 workFor univ17
student17 type Student
prof17_1 type Professor
prof17_2 type Professor
cs17 type Course
univ17 type Univercity
student18 takesCourse cs18
prof18_2 memberOf cs18
student18 advisor prof18_1
prof18_1 workFor univ18
prof18_2 workFor univ18
student18 type Student
prof18_1 type Professor
prof18_2 type Professor
cs18 type Course
univ18 type Univercity
student19 takesCourse cs19
prof19_2 memberOf cs19
student19 advisor prof19_1
prof19_1 workFor univ19
prof19_2 workFor univ19
student19 type Student
prof19_1 type Professor
prof19_2 type Professor
cs19 type Course
univ19 type Univercity
student20 takesCourse cs20
prof20_2 memberOf cs20
student20 advisor prof20_1
prof20_1 workFor univ20
prof20_2 workFor univ20
student20 type Student
prof20_1 type Professor
prof20_2 type Professor
cs20 type Course
univ20 type Univercity
student21 takesCourse cs21
prof21_2 memberOf cs21
student21 advisor prof21_1
prof21_1 workFor univ21
prof21_2 workFor univ21
student21 type Student
prof21_1 type Professor
prof21_2 type Professor
cs21 type Course
univ21 type Univercity
student22 takesCourse cs22
prof22_2 memberOf cs22
student22 advisor prof22_1
prof22_1 workFor univ22
prof22_2 workFor univ22
student22 type Student
prof22_1 type Professor
prof22_2 type Professor
cs22 type Course
univ22 type Univercity
student23 takesCourse cs23
prof23_2 memberOf cs23
student23 advisor prof23_1
prof23_1 workFor univ23
prof23_2 workFor univ23
student23 type Student
prof23_1 type Professor
prof23_2 type Professor
cs23 type Course
univ23 type Univercity
student24 takesCourse cs24
prof24_2 memberOf cs24
student24 advisor prof24_1
prof24_1 workFor univ24
prof24_2 workFor univ24
student24 type Student
prof24_1 type Professor
prof24_2 type Professor
cs24 type Course
univ24 type Univercity
student25 takesCourse cs25
prof25_2 memberOf cs25
student25 advisor prof25_1
prof25_1 workFor univ25
prof25_2 workFor univ25
student25 type Student
prof25_1 type Professor
prof25_2 type Professor
cs25 type Course
univ25 type Univercity
student26 takesCourse cs26
prof26_2 memberOf cs26
student26 advisor prof26_1
prof26_1 workFor univ26
prof26_2 workFor univ26
student26 type Student
prof26_1 type Professor
prof26_2 type Professor
cs26 type Course
univ26 type Univercity
student27 takesCourse cs27
prof27_2 memberOf cs27
student27 advisor prof27_1
prof27_1 workFor univ27
prof27_2 workFor univ27
student27 type Student
prof27_1 type Professor
prof27_2 type Professor
cs27 type Course
univ27 type Univercity
student28 takesCourse cs28
prof28_2 memberOf cs28
student28 advisor prof28_1
prof28_1 workFor univ28
prof28_2 workFor univ28
student28 type Student
prof28_1 type Professor
prof28_2 type Professor
cs28 type Course
univ28 type Univercity
student29 takesCourse cs29
prof29_2 memberOf cs29
student29 advisor prof29_1
prof29_1 workFor univ29
prof29_2 workFor univ29
student29 type Student
prof29_1 type Professor
prof29_2 type Professor
cs29 type Course
univ29 type Univercity
student30 takesCourse cs30
prof30_2 memberOf cs30
student30 advisor prof30_1
prof30_1 workFor univ30
prof30_2 workFor univ30
student30 type Student
prof30_1 type Professor
prof30_2 type Professor
cs30 type Course
univ30 type Univercity
student31 takesCourse cs31
prof31_2 memberOf cs31
student31 advisor prof31_1
prof31_1 workFor univ31
prof31_2 workFor univ31
student31 type Student
prof31_1 type Professor
prof31_2 type Professor
cs31 type Course
univ31 type Univercity
student32 takesCourse cs32
prof32_2 memberOf cs32
student32 advisor prof32_1
prof32_1 workFor univ32
prof32_2 workFor univ32
student32 type Student
prof32_1 type Professor
prof32_2 type Professor
cs32 type Course
univ32 type Univercity
student33 takesCourse cs33
prof33_2 memberOf cs33
student33 advisor prof33_1
prof33_1 workFor univ33
prof33_2 workFor univ33
student33 type Student
prof33_1 type Professor
prof33_2 type Professor
cs33 type Course
univ33 type Univercity
student34 takesCourse cs34
prof34_2 memberOf cs34
student34 advisor prof34_1
prof34_1 workFor univ34
prof34_2 workFor univ34
student34 type Student
prof34_1 type Professor
prof34_2 type Professor
cs34 type Course
univ34 type Univercity
student35 takesCourse cs35
prof35_2 memberOf cs35
student35 advisor prof35_1
prof35_1 workFor univ35
prof35_2 workFor univ35
student35 type Student
prof35_1 type Professor
prof35_2 type Professor
cs35 type Course
univ35 type Univercity
student36 takesCourse cs36
prof36_2 memberOf cs36
student36 advisor prof36_1
prof36_1 workFor univ36
prof36_2 workFor univ36
student36 type Student
prof36_1 type Professor
prof36_2 type Professor
cs36 type Course
univ36 type Univercity
student37 takesCourse cs37
prof37_2 memberOf cs37
student37 advisor prof37_1
prof37_1 workFor univ37
prof37_2 workFor univ37
student37 type Student
prof37_1 type Professor
prof37_2 type Professor
cs37 type Course
univ37 type Univercity
student38 takesCourse cs38
prof38_2 memberOf cs38
student38 advisor prof38_1
prof38_1 workFor univ38
prof38_2 workFor univ38
student38 type Student
prof38_1 type Professor
prof38_2 type Professor
cs38 type Course
univ38 type Univercity
student39 takesCourse cs39
prof39_2 memberOf cs39
student39 advisor prof39_1
prof39_1 workFor univ39
prof39_2 workFor univ39
student39 type Student
prof39_1 type Professor
prof39_2 type Professor
cs39 type Course
univ39 type Univercity
student40 takesCourse cs40
prof40_2 memberOf cs40
student40 advisor prof40_1
prof40_1 workFor univ40
prof40_2 workFor univ40
student40 type Student
prof40_1 type Professor
prof40_2 type Professor
cs40 type Course
univ40 type Univercity
student41 takesCourse cs41
prof41_2 memberOf cs41
student41 advisor prof41_1
prof41_1 workFor univ41
prof41_2 workFor univ41
student41 type Student
prof41_1 type Professor
prof41_2 type Professor
cs41 type Course
univ41 type Univercity
student42 takesCourse cs42
prof42_2 memberOf cs42
student42 advisor prof42_1
prof42_1 workFor univ42
prof42_2 workFor univ42
student42 type Student
prof42_1 type Professor
prof42_2 type Professor
cs42 type Course
univ42 type Univercity
student43 takesCourse cs43
prof43_2 memberOf cs43
student43 advisor prof43_1
prof43_1 workFor univ43
prof43_2 workFor univ43
student43 type Student
prof43_1 type Professor
prof43_2 type Professor
cs43 type Course
univ43 type Univercity
student44 takesCourse cs44
prof44_2 memberOf cs44
student44 advisor prof44_1
prof44_1 workFor univ44
prof44_2 workFor univ44
student44 type Student
prof44_1 type Professor
prof44_2 type Professor
cs44 type Course
univ44 type Univercity
student45 takesCourse cs45
prof45_2 memberOf cs45
student45 advisor prof45_1
prof45_1 workFor univ45
prof45_2 workFor univ45
student45 type Student
prof45_1 type Professor
prof45_2 type Professor
cs45 type Course
univ45 type Univercity
student46 takesCourse cs46
prof46_2 memberOf cs46
student46 advisor prof46_1
prof46_1 workFor univ46
prof46_2 workFor univ46
student46 type Student
prof46_1 type Professor
prof46_2 type Professor
cs46 type Course
univ46 type Univercity
student47 takesCourse cs47
prof47_2 memberOf cs47
student47 advisor prof47_1
prof47_1 workFor univ47
prof47_2 workFor univ47
student47 type Student
prof47_1 type Professor
prof47_2 type Professor
cs47 type Course
univ47 type Univercity
student48 takesCourse cs48
prof48_2 memberOf cs48
student48 advisor prof48_1
prof48_1 workFor univ48
prof48_2 workFor univ48
student48 type Student
prof48_1 type Professor
prof48_2 type Professor
cs48 type Course
univ48 type Univercity
student49 takesCourse cs49
prof49_2 memberOf cs49
student49 advisor prof49_1
prof49_1 workFor univ49
prof49_2 workFor univ49
student49 type Student
prof49_1 type Professor
prof49_2 type Professor
cs49 type Course
univ49 type Univercity
student50 takesCourse cs50
prof50_2 memberOf cs50
student50 advisor prof50_1
prof50_1 workFor univ50
prof50_2 workFor univ50
student50 type Student
prof50_1 type Professor
prof50_2 type Professor
cs50 type Course
univ50 type Univercity
student51 takesCourse cs51
prof51_2 memberOf cs51
student51 advisor prof51_1
prof51_1 workFor univ51
prof51_2 workFor univ51
student51 type Student
prof51_1 type Professor
prof51_2 type Professor
cs51 type Course
univ51 type Univercity
student52 takesCourse cs52
prof52_2 memberOf cs52
student52 advisor prof52_1
prof52_1 workFor univ52
prof52_2 workFor univ52
student52 type Student
prof52_1 type Professor
prof52_2 type Professor
cs52 type Course
univ52 type Univercity
student53 takesCourse cs53
prof53_2 memberOf cs53
student53 advisor prof53_1
prof53_1 workFor univ53
prof53_2 workFor univ53
student53 type Student
prof53_1 type Professor
prof53_2 type Professor
cs53 type Course
univ53 type Univercity
student54 takesCourse cs54
prof54_2 memberOf cs54
student54 advisor prof54_1
prof54_1 workFor univ54
prof54_2 workFor univ54
student54 type Student
prof54_1 type Professor
prof54_2 type Professor
cs54 type Course
univ54 type Univercity
student55 takesCourse cs55
prof55_2 memberOf cs55
student55 advisor prof55_1
prof55_1 workFor univ55
prof55_2 workFor univ55
student55 type Student
prof55_1 type Professor
prof55_2 type Professor
cs55 type Course
univ55 type Univercity
student56 takesCourse cs56
prof56_2 memberOf cs56
student56 advisor prof56_1
prof56_1 workFor univ56
prof56_2 workFor univ56
student56 type Student
prof56_1 type Professor
prof56_2 type Professor
cs56 type Course
univ56 type Univercity
student57 takesCourse cs57
prof57_2 memberOf cs57
student57 advisor prof57_1
prof57_1 workFor univ57
prof57_2 workFor univ57
student57 type Student
prof57_1 type Professor
prof57_2 type Professor
cs57 type Course
univ57 type Univercity
student58 takesCourse cs58
prof58_2 memberOf cs58
student58 advisor prof58_1
prof58_1 workFor univ58
prof58_2 workFor univ58
student58 type Student
prof58_1 type Professor
prof58_2 type Professor
cs58 type Course
univ58 type Univercity
student59 takesCourse cs59
prof59_2 memberOf cs59
student59 advisor prof59_1
prof59_1 workFor univ59
prof59_2 workFor univ59
student59 type Student
prof59_1 type Professor
prof59_2 type Professor
cs59 type Course
univ59 type Univercity
student60 takesCourse cs60
prof60_2 memberOf cs60
student60 advisor prof60_1
prof60_1 workFor univ60
prof60_2 workFor univ60
student60 type Student
prof60_1 type Professor
prof60_2 type Professor
cs60 type Course
univ60 type Univercity
student61 takesCourse cs61
prof61_2 memberOf cs61
student61 advisor prof61_1
prof61_1 workFor univ61
prof61_2 workFor univ61
student61 type Student
prof61_1 type Professor
prof61_2 type Professor
cs61 type Course
univ61 type Univercity
student62 takesCourse cs62
prof62_2 memberOf cs62
student62 advisor prof62_1
prof62_1 workFor univ62
prof62_2 workFor univ62
student62 type Student
prof62_1 type Professor
prof62_2 type Professor
cs62 type Course
univ62 type Univercity
student63 takesCourse cs63
prof63_2 memberOf cs63
student63 advisor prof63_1
prof63_1 workFor univ63
prof63_2 workFor univ63
student63 type Student
prof63_1 type Professor
prof63_2 type Professor
cs63 type Course
univ63 type Univercity
student64 takesCourse cs64
prof64_2 memberOf cs64
student64 advisor prof64_1
prof64_1 workFor univ64
prof64_2 workFor univ64
student64 type Student
prof64_1 type Professor
prof64_2 type Professor
cs64 type Course
univ64 type Univercity
student65 takesCourse cs65
prof65_2 memberOf cs65
student65 advisor prof65_1
prof65_1 workFor univ65
prof65_2 workFor univ65
student65 type Student
prof65_1 type Professor
prof65_2 type Professor
cs65 type Course
univ65 type Univercity
student66 takesCourse cs66
prof66_2 memberOf cs66
student66 advisor prof66_1
prof66_1 workFor univ66
prof66_2 workFor univ66
student66 type Student
prof66_1 type Professor
prof66_2 type Professor
cs66 type Course
univ66 type Univercity
student67 takesCourse cs67
prof67_2 memberOf cs67
student67 advisor prof67_1
prof67_1 workFor univ67
prof67_2 workFor univ67
student67 type Student
prof67_1 type Professor
prof67_2 type Professor
cs67 type Course
univ67 type Univercity
student68 takesCourse cs68
prof68_2 memberOf cs68
student68 advisor prof68_1
prof68_1 workFor univ68
prof68_2 workFor univ68
student68 type Student
prof68_1 type Professor
prof68_2 type Professor
cs68 type Course
univ68 type Univercity
student69 takesCourse cs69
prof69_2 memberOf cs69
student69 advisor prof69_1
prof69_1 workFor univ69
prof69_2 workFor univ69
student69 type Student
prof69_1 type Professor
prof69_2 type Professor
cs69 type Course
univ69 type Univercity
student70 takesCourse cs70
prof70_2 memberOf cs70
student70 advisor prof70_1
prof70_1 workFor univ70
prof70_2 workFor univ70
student70 type Student
prof70_1 type Professor
prof70_2 type Professor
cs70 type Course
univ70 type Univercity
student71 takesCourse cs71
prof71_2 memberOf cs71
student71 advisor prof71_1
prof71_1 workFor univ71
prof71_2 workFor univ71
student71 type Student
prof71_1 type Professor
prof71_2 type Professor
cs71 type Course
univ71 type Univercity
student72 takesCourse cs72
prof72_2 memberOf cs72
student72 advisor prof72_1
prof72_1 workFor univ72
prof72_2 workFor univ72
student72 type Student
prof72_1 type Professor
prof72_2 type Professor
cs72 type Course
univ72 type Univercity
student73 takesCourse cs73
prof73_2 memberOf cs73
student73 advisor prof73_1
prof73_1 workFor univ73
prof73_2 workFor univ73
student73 type Student
prof73_1 type Professor
prof73_2 type Professor
cs73 type Course
univ73 type Univercity
student74 takesCourse cs74
prof74_2 memberOf cs74
student74 advisor prof74_1
prof74_1 workFor univ74
prof74_2 workFor univ74
student74 type Student
prof74_1 type Professor
prof74_2 type Professor
cs74 type Course
univ74 type Univercity
student75 takesCourse cs75
prof75_2 memberOf cs75
student75 advisor prof75_1
prof75_1 workFor univ75
prof75_2 workFor univ75
student75 type Student
prof75_1 type Professor
prof75_2 type Professor
cs75 type Course
univ75 type Univercity
student76 takesCourse cs76
prof76_2 memberOf cs76
student76 advisor prof76_1
prof76_1 workFor univ76
prof76_2 workFor univ76
student76 type Student
prof76_1 type Professor
prof76_2 type Professor
cs76 type Course
univ76 type Univercity
student77 takesCourse cs77
prof77_2 memberOf cs77
student77 advisor prof77_1
prof77_1 workFor univ77
prof77_2 workFor univ77
student77 type Student
prof77_1 type Professor
prof77_2 type Professor
cs77 type Course
univ77 type Univercity
student78 takesCourse cs78
prof78_2 memberOf cs78
student78 advisor prof78_1
prof78_1 workFor univ78
prof78_2 workFor univ78
student78 type Student
prof78_1 type Professor
prof78_2 type Professor
cs78 type Course
univ78 type Univercity
student79 takesCourse cs79
prof79_2 memberOf cs79
student79 advisor prof79_1
prof79_1 workFor univ79
prof79_2 workFor univ79
student79 type Student
prof79_1 type Professor
prof79_2 type Professor
cs79 type Course
univ79 type Univercity
student80 takesCourse cs80
prof80_2 memberOf cs80
student80 advisor prof80_1
prof80_1 workFor univ80
prof80_2 workFor univ80
student80 type Student
prof80_1 type Professor
prof80_2 type Professor
cs80 type Course
univ80 type Univercity
student81 takesCourse cs81
prof81_2 memberOf cs81
student81 advisor prof81_1
prof81_1 workFor univ81
prof81_2 workFor univ81
student81 type Student
prof81_1 type Professor
prof81_2 type Professor
cs81 type Course
univ81 type Univercity
student82 takesCourse cs82
prof82_2 memberOf cs82
student82 advisor prof82_1
prof82_1 workFor univ82
prof82_2 workFor univ82
student82 type Student
prof82_1 type Professor
prof82_2 type Professor
cs82 type Course
univ82 type Univercity
student83 takesCourse cs83
prof83_2 memberOf cs83
student83 advisor prof83_1
prof83_1 workFor univ83
prof83_2 workFor univ83
student83 type Student
prof83_1 type Professor
prof83_2 type Professor
cs83 type Course
univ83 type Univercity
student84 takesCourse cs84
prof84_2 memberOf cs84
student84 advisor prof84_1
prof84_1 workFor univ84
prof84_2 workFor univ84
student84 type Student
prof84_1 type Professor
prof84_2 type Professor
cs84 type Course
univ84 type Univercity
student85 takesCourse cs85
prof85_2 memberOf cs85
student85 advisor prof85_1
prof85_1 workFor univ85
prof85_2 workFor univ85
student85 type Student
prof85_1 type Professor
prof85_2 type Professor
cs85 type Course
univ85 type Univercity
student86 takesCourse cs86
prof86_2 memberOf cs86
student86 advisor prof86_1
prof86_1 workFor univ86
prof86_2 workFor univ86
student86 type Student
prof86_1 type Professor
prof86_2 type Professor
cs86 type Course
univ86 type Univercity
student87 takesCourse cs87
prof87_2 memberOf cs87
student87 advisor prof87_1
prof87_1 workFor univ87
prof87_2 workFor univ87
student87 type Student
prof87_1 type Professor
prof87_2 type Professor
cs87 type Course
univ87 type Univercity
student88 takesCourse cs88
prof88_2 memberOf cs88
student88 advisor prof88_1
prof88_1 workFor univ88
prof88_2 workFor univ88
student88 type Student
prof88_1 type Professor
prof88_2 type Professor
cs88 type Course
univ88 type Univercity
student89 takesCourse cs89
prof89_2 memberOf cs89
student89 advisor prof89_1
prof89_1 workFor univ89
prof89_2 workFor univ89
student89 type Student
prof89_1 type Professor
prof89_2 type Professor
cs89 type Course
univ89 type Univercity
student90 takesCourse cs90
prof90_2 memberOf cs90
student90 advisor prof90_1
prof90_1 workFor univ90
prof90_2 workFor univ90
student90 type Student
prof90_1 type Professor
prof90_2 type Professor
cs90 type Course
univ90 type Univercity
student91 takesCourse cs91
prof91_2 memberOf cs91
student91 advisor prof91_1
prof91_1 workFor univ91
prof91_2 workFor univ91
student91 type Student
prof91_1 type Professor
prof91_2 type Professor
cs91 type Course
univ91 type Univercity
student92 takesCourse cs92
prof92_2 memberOf cs92
student92 advisor prof92_1
prof92_1 workFor univ92
prof92_2 workFor univ92
student92 type Student
prof92_1 type Professor
prof92_2 type Professor
cs92 type Course
univ92 type Univercity
student93 takesCourse cs93
prof93_2 memberOf cs93
student93 advisor prof93_1
prof93_1 workFor univ93
prof93_2 workFor univ93
student93 type Student
prof93_1 type Professor
prof93_2 type Professor
cs93 type Course
univ93 type Univercity
student94 takesCourse cs94
prof94_2 memberOf cs94
student94 advisor prof94_1
prof94_1 workFor univ94
prof94_2 workFor univ94
student94 type Student
prof94_1 type Professor
prof94_2 type Professor
cs94 type Course
univ94 type Univercity
student95 takesCourse cs95
prof95_2 memberOf cs95
student95 advisor prof95_1
prof95_1 workFor univ95
prof95_2 workFor univ95
student95 type Student
prof95_1 type Professor
prof95_2 type Professor
cs95 type Course
univ95 type Univercity
student96 takesCourse cs96
prof96_2 memberOf cs96
student96 advisor prof96_1
prof96_1 workFor univ96
prof96_2 workFor univ96
student96 type Student
prof96_1 type Professor
prof96_2 type Professor
cs96 type Course
univ96 type Univercity
student97 takesCourse cs97
prof97_2 memberOf cs97
student97 advisor prof97_1
prof97_1 workFor univ97
prof97_2 workFor univ97
student97 type Student
prof97_1 type Professor
prof97_2 type Professor
cs97 type Course
univ97 type Univercity
student98 takesCourse cs98
prof98_2 memberOf cs98
student98 advisor prof98_1
prof98_1 workFor univ98
prof98_2 workFor univ98
student98 type Student
prof98_1 type Professor
prof98_2 type Professor
cs98 type Course
univ98 type Univercity
student99 takesCourse cs99
prof99_2 memberOf cs99
student99 advisor prof99_1
prof99_1 workFor univ99
prof99_2 workFor univ99
student99 type Student
prof99_1 type Professor
prof99_2 type Professor
cs99 type Course
univ99 type Univercity
student100 takesCourse cs100
prof100_2 memberOf cs100
student100 advisor prof100_1
prof100_1 workFor univ100
prof100_2 workFor univ100
student100 type Student
prof100_1 type Professor
prof100_2 type Professor
cs100 type Course
univ100 type Univercity